### 2018年 01月 16日 星期二 20:57:09 CST
DID:
- Env setup
- CV plan outline
- Sync average-pooled hardware solution from Mechanic Department

TODO:
- Further env setup
- Implementation of algos
- Bot Construction

NOTE:
It seems to be a good idea to mount some sort of more power devices--more powerful than the RoboRio, directly on the robot. Wireless communication, which seems to be the best solution, is banned...

Team 254 seems to have a good solution attaching a adb from roborio to an android device. I doubt it's the best solution. 

The laptop came with team kit seems to be a good device to be utilized.

---

### 2018年 01月 17日 星期三 20:32:06 CST
DID:
- More env setup...
- Enhanced cv performance
- Robot circuit build

TODO:
- None of the above got completed

NOTE:
Due to a shortage of tools, we were forced to use workarounds like using the hammer to replace the wire holder compressor....

More work still need to be done on building the simulation environment and the actual deployment environment. WPILIB has compilation problems to be solved.

### 2018年 01月 24日 星期三 23:01:26 CST
DID:
- Robot chassis building almost done
- Wiring almost done

TODO:
- Firmware flashing of router/Roborio
- More Wiring

NOTE:
This year `frcsim` is not suported... This is a big con for us. An alternative is to use the 2017 version instead and ignore the depreciation of APIs. Let's see

The wire runs short while building, more to be purchased. 

Flashing router with and external power source failed. Reason deduced to be the limited power of the power supply, while a 2A power source is required. More to be tested with standard power supply.

---

### 2018年 01月 27日 星期六 18:46:50 CST
DID:
- Chassis program tested

TODO:
- Everything else...

NOTE:
- Testes simple chassis program to make sure all environments are functioning normal. 

---

### 2018年 01月 28日 星期日 20:25:19 CST
DID:
- Outlined chassis program

TODO:
- Fill in implementation

NOTE:
- Gyro to be installed.

---

### 2018年 01月 29日 星期一 21:16:11 CST
DID:
- Almost all components hooked up
- Chassis code tested to be working
- Environment fully set up
- Add logging framework to code

TODO:
- Purchase gyro/accelerometer/wires
- Install all circuits onto the chassis
- Reinstall battery charger/connector to Anderson connector

NOTE:
Today most components are hooked up and tested. Everything works fine. However we don't have any gyro/accelerometer yet, thus no close loop control could be written. 

Tomorrow we need to cut a PVC board to carry all circuits.

The Anderson connectors came yesterday, our old nasty work-around should be rmoved. 

***TO BE REDONE***:
- Due to the fact that we don't have any specific tool connecting wire to terminals, a hammer was used instead... Stability of connection looks fine till now.
