### 2018年 02月 01日 星期四 21:56:03 CST
DID:
- Package up all component for lab migration
- Clean up code and add enhancements to command management

TODO:
- Everything else

NOTE:
This is a light-weight day where most of the time are spent on cleaning up the lab and disassembling materials due to the incoming lab migration. Main development should begin on Saturday. 

### 2018年 02月 03日 星期日 09:38:22 CST
DID:
- Reassembled chassis after lab migration
- Add partially finished pid control for chassis

TODO:
- Purchase accelerator/gyro..
- Finish and test chassis pid

NOTE:
A busy day without much progress except recovering the environment. 

### 2018年 02月 04日 星期一 09:26:35 CST
DID:
- Installed Gyro and get it working
- Angle pid half done
- Change chassis drive mode to asynchronous
- Add priority level for command

TODO:
- Finish chassis control loop
- Finish Angle pid (Use tanh instead of f(x)=x/n for Angle to [-1,1] mapping)
- Utilized built-in accelerometer

NOTE:
This is a day with many major changes...

I found that asychronous chassis control, where control process is separated into system call and kernel dispatch...like linux. This looks way safer and way more friendly to PID controls and similar stuff... 

Also, command priority is another important feature I believed will be able to come in handy later in the development. (***Higher priority value means lower priority!***)Let's see. 
### 2018年 02月 06日 星期二 09:40:55 CST
DID: 
- Enhanced chassis call and dispatch mechanism
- Change joystick control from call to direct handle
- Other bug fixes
- Raw shape for cube detection
- Give up displacement control

TODO:
- Finish cube detection
- Everything else

NOTE:
This is a day mainly with major bug fixes in chassis control, hoping it to be less buggy than before. They are mainly caused by developers wrongly take the range of gyro as 0-360 degree...

Also, to enhance chassis responsibility on joystick control, joystick is set to direct control rather than indirect call. 

We found the accuracy of the built-in accelerometer is far from satisfying and failed to find a better at the same time easy to use substitute. Considering the fact it's not needed desperately, it's given up for now. 

### 2018年 02月 06日 星期三 09:43:23 CST
DID:
- Some more bug fixes
- Identify previous usb camera as broken
- Find out the lack of sensors in stock for close-loop position/velocity control

TODO:
- `setContinuous` not working
- Purchase new usb camera
- Find workaround of components not in stock. 

NOTE:
Most of the sensors we want, from encoder to whatever...were used up. 

### 2018年 02月 07日 星期四 09:52:45 CST
DID:
- Checked out an encoder newly found... Hope to be working
- Minor enhancements and function updates

TODO:
- Install the encoder...
- Everything else

NOTE:
The aforementioned `setContinuous` issue is bypassed by a dirty work around...

### 2018年 02月 08日 星期四 18:41:31 CST
DID:
- Camera finally tested and working
- Chassis minor enhancement
- Website setup

TODO:
- write/test CV code

NOTE:
The development is almost stopped because of slow/busy hardware construction made testing impossible...

Nothing we can do but wait. 

During waiting, we setup our website based on wordpress and made minor configurations to adapt it to our team information/style.

### 2018年 02月 10日 星期日 14:23:45 CST
DID:
- Finish Collector building/test
- Lift half done
- Wiring half done
- Camera half done

TODO:
- Wiring
- Testing
- More construction

NOTE:
The build session ends tomorrow, this is a busy day staying up till 25:00.

### 2018年 02月 12日 星期四 15:52:16 CST
DID:
- Some routine testing and fixes...

TODO:
- Auto program

NOTE:
A light hearted day without much trouble. 

### 2018年 02月 15日 星期四 15:53:08 CST
DID:
- Auto program done

TODO:
- Testing

NOTE:
Metric units sucks
